Update tctl docs with command line flags for host verification and server name (#171)
temporalio/documentation: docs/tctl.md

`--tls_key_path=<private key file path>` command line argument that passes a private key for secure communication with the server. Requires that `--tls_key_path` is also provided.

`--tls_enable_host_verification=[true|false]` command line argument that enables verification of the server certificate, i.e. host verification.

> `--tls_server_name=<server name>` command line arguments that passes an override value for target server that is used for TLS host verification. Also enables host verification. The value must be one of the DNS names listed in the server TLS certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--tls_server_name=<server name>` command line argument that passes an override value for the target server that is used for TLS host verification. It also enables host verification. The value must be one of the DNS names listed in the server TLS certificate.
```
